distrobox: add page (#7638)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/distrobox-create.md

# distrobox-create

> > Manual page viewer for distrobox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Manual page viewer for distrobox.
> More information: <https://distrobox.privatedns.org>.
```

> - Create a distrobox:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a distrobox using the Alpine image:
```

> `distrobox-create my-alpine-container --image alpine`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`distrobox-create {{container_name}} --image {{alpine}}`
```

- Clone a distrobox:

> `distrobox-create --clone ubuntu-container ubuntu-copy`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`distrobox-create --clone {{container_name}} {{cloned_container_name}}`
```

# distrobox-create

> > Manual page viewer for distrobox.

Reviewer 2: All these descriptions for these pages are the same. The description should describe what the command does.

> > More information: <https://distrobox.privatedns.org>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://distrobox.privatedns.org>.
```

# distrobox-create

> > This command takes care of creating the container with input name and image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Create Distrobox containers with input name and image.
```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> Create Distrobox containers with an input name and image.
```
